
Restart CrispyBox.Login as the "CrispyBox" user.Make sure that the samba share is working correctly. If you are using a Windows host (MacOS/Linux instructions coming soon!), type the following into a Windows Explorer address bar:```\\CrispyBox\CrispyBox```Next, we will install Dropbox. I use Dropbox because there is an official Linux installer, but if you use another cloud provider, just ignore these steps and follow the steps for the provider you use. *Please note that CrispyBox has only been tested with Dropbox functionality!*
***A note about synching with Dropbox***
Currently CrispyBox syncs an *entire* Dropbox account. Eventually (hopefully) CrispyBox will allow you to specify which folders are synched, but until that point it is important to understand that if you have 900GB of data in Dropbox, *900GB of data will be synched to CrispyBox*.
This isn't a big deal if you've created CrispyBox with a 900GB HDD, but if you are like me and a significant portion of your Dropbox *isn't* your code repository. So I created a free 2GB Dropbox, and gave it access to the code repository from my paid Dropbox account. This way I know I'm not synching more than 2GB of data, and the dynamic HDD for CrispyBox won't balloon in size. 
Also, by default Dropbox will create two folders in CrispyBox:> * .dropbox-dist: a hidden directory with the Dropbox application> * /home/CrispyBox/Dropbox: your Dropbox synched data
When Dropbox starts to sync, it takes over the terminal. Since we need to do some things while Dropbox is synching, we'll start screen so we can have multiple terminals open at once.```shellscreen```Once you're through the screen introductory prompts, you'll see an empty terminal. That's where we'll install Dropbox.
Since CrispyBox is 32-bit, we'll install the 32-bit version of Dropbox:```shell$ wget -O - "https://www.dropbox.com/download?plat=lnx.x86" | tar xzf -``` If you built CrispyBox on a 64-bit platform:```shell$ wget -O - "https://www.dropbox.com/download?plat=lnx.x86_64" | tar xzf -```To start the Dropbox deamon, you'll need to connect CrispyBox and your Dropbox account, which is kind of a pain, to be honest.```shell$ ~/.dropbox-dist/dropboxd```The screen will start scrolling with a message that in order to link to your Dropbox account, you need to visit a URL that looks something like this:>https://www.dropbox.com/cli_link_nonce?nonce=CODEGOESHEREThis is the part that is a pain. Since CrispyBox doesn't have a GUI, you'll need to enter that URL - and that long code - into a browser on the host. Once completed, you'll be presented with a page that asks you to login to your Dropbox account.
Once you have sucessfully linked your accounts, Dropbox will start synching to CrispyBox! Yay! But we're not done yet.
Press `Ctrl-a, c` to create a new terminal window in screen. If you're like me, you'll want Dropbox to start synching automatically when CrispyBox starts. To do this, open your .basrc file...```shell$ nano .bashrc```...and add the following to the bottom of that file...```if [[ $TERM != "screen" ]]; then    screen ~/.dropbox-dist/dropboxdfi```...then save the file.Now when CrispyBox starts, screen will automatically start *and* Dropbox will automatically start synching.
Finally, if you installed htop you can type```shell$ htop```to monitor system utilization. Once you see the CPU settle around 0% for a while, you'll know Dropbox has finished synching.
### What's next?There are a few things I would like to test and/or implement in CrispyBox:* Using a portable version of VirtualBox on the same USB drive as CrispyBox* Testing the benifits of using a fixed HDD over a dynamic HDD* Using VeraCrypt to encrypt an entire partition that houses CrispyBox* Create a MOTD that gives the IP and samba share location of CrispyBox* sync
